---
layout: posts
permalink: /markdown/
title: "Duke I am...
author_profile: true
header:
  image: "/images/danang2.jpg"
---

I am a born and raised as an American, but I have received more than just an American heritage. My father is Vietnamese, and with that, I have experienced living with a vast array of cultures. Over the last couple years, I have also taken trips to France in an exchange program and recently Vietnam to visit family and relatives. The combination of my experiences has molded my perspective into one that is more curious than it was before, more eager to see life through the eyes of others. With an open mind and an open heart, I strive for intellectual and spiritual freedom. I search for the best version of myself every day and question the purpose of every tone and melody this life has sung to me. The most exciting thing to me is meeting new people. Listening to their stories, and experiences; taking inspiration from how I'll write mine. Through my experience in high school, I transformed my understanding of what is it to understand a topic. I've learned there is a lot about the complexity of anything from of political issues to artistic detail to social interactions. There is a crisp yet subtle edge to every new boundary I have yet to cross. Through discussion and discourse, I have found myself living by the Socratic method. I question every unopposed perspective to its porous bedrock. Through this relentless lifestyle, I have evolved my political and academic position into something more refined and sophisticated. I am fascinated by the all the products of creativity, and I believe that there is potential wherever there is existence. I have a lot to learn; to improve my life better. No matter the circumstance I strive to honor the responsibly of presence and legacy. I fully invest myself in my passion and practice to be the best I can be. I instill this great drive into every facet of my life, form practicing that one tennis shot over and over, to carefully crafting canvasses to paint over with emotion, to watching countless lectures and articles on broad topics. I always try and build a foundation for success, taking pride in the putting in the effort. Over the next couple years, I hope that my personality can flourish within your so vibrant community and that my values can inspire others to find the greatness of themselves.

Discuss an accomplishment, event, or realization that sparked a period of personal growth and a new understanding of yourself or others.

Wealth, respect, happiness and passion for humanity are the goals that often appear in my mind. To attain these goals., I have to work hard and am willing to sacrifice. There were deserts I needed to cross and mountains I needed to climb.  My legs ached, and my mind felt like it was going to fall apart as I unrelentingly stared at the endless road in front of me. Whenever I have doubt, or questions the validity of these goals, It often reminds me that there was always the thought of success to hold its fractured logic together. No blueprint or map could bring me to the destination I wanted to go. I had to build my ship and set my course for actions.

I started my new journey with an open mind, taking new paths and figure it out I started finding my passions and found myself enthralled in their seductive beauties. Tennis has been a sport I've played all my life, and through the years it's been more than just a physical activity. It's an outlet to express myself, find my strengths and work through my weaknesses. A challenge to test my grit and resilience when faced with insurmountable pressure. It motivates me to do even more to work hard and striving for the excellence.
I find myself lost in this desire to improve in everything I love to do. From gaming to cooking, to painting, I always search for ways to improve. Whether it's finding the parts to build my computer for the first time, learning techniques to improve the composition of my paintings or the flavor of my cooking, I aspire to be the best I can be.
I've come to realize that I don't have to prove anything to anyone, but only to myself. How I experience, life will ever change me, and if I can influence someone else for the better, it's a bonus, not an expectation. Nothing will matter unless you want it to, and sometimes it's as important not to care as much as it is to enunciate significance. Whenever I put effort into something, I try to find purpose hidden behind diluted ideas and keep practicing to be better. Sometimes school can feel ambiguous in its intentions, but you can always find something useful out of a deprived situation. The skill of learning spans across all bounds and knowledge can be more than just academic. School is not only a place to earn grades; it's a foundation for success. I know that my family invested money in me and so their expectations because of a child of an immigrant father, he knows how important to have a good education so to their dream is my dream, and they turned into an environment of experience and inspiration.
On this seemingly frivolous journey, I've discovered purpose in places far too familiar. The world around me seems to change with every breath I take. It's been shown clearly to me through its many endeavors and challenges that the only thing that matters is who I am, and what I'll do with the opportunities that offer me. The next couple of years will be a huge step towards finding the character I always have in searching for my life. A new world will open its beauty and charm. As I welcome embrace, I look to the gleaming future. There lies a challenge far greater than one I have ever met, but now this time is different. Now I am strong.
Duke 
rr
